welcome guys in this brand new
video god because he will have to stay behind
for example, welcome guys in this
brand new video of critical mass
today in doha the way to this new series
that I had said that he had to knead
start early September
August 29 series to this is the first
or called known games itala
practically went on the loose team as well
city ​​race with has almost always
jokin di will go to take the game is
precisely I will play on youtube center
to find obviously not games of
shit but enough enjoyable games from
watching this is a very cool game
who passed me a friend is of place
however this game has passed
I make a video because it is so cool it is
with this note he says he seems to be
this is not being so i want a big
like point for this health name
guys say another thing that is in mine
shirts shock you can buy
this T-shirt with this and where there is
all other t-shirts with 15 for
one hundred discount up to 2 September
so if you want you can know what the fuck
go well bought then let's go to
play this game that kind of
super cool play splatter to play
with the first premier face audio mode
take yourself in this little world it is
like the minecraft because now all the
games are the magna charta comes the
our cursor reanult robinho only in the
2000 and shoot these men that point
they generate random there is falling
the random note for the map
sounds easy but it's not for nothing
now I'm in normal trouble if not
mistake it's really absurd to have it
practically with the fuck button with
the left button we shoot with the
gun with the right button we shoot the
madonna rockets that is truly one
cool at the top we have the beauty of
life and if they kill us for these so
they shoot we die so much we can too
run that is a good thing so there
we manage to create a good horde
behind many dtt sti so that it does not
I know how to define them we shoot rockets to
don't end up there if we destroy even then
the graphics a cool the ninth made is
made fucking good in the graphics
really gigi that translating we can
angel infants and as letters up above
ac 130 furniture came up so now
to press one is with the right button
now I'm going to launch the missiles from the
sky born hunting
you play cool as you make one
hand I ask you how to play precisely not
be known because the familiar
development of this game deserve a
fucking because it's really fun
ok vajda c130 no just an ass are
dead than to approve another mode
that the way that I more than is more a
I like it because it's practically a tankbot
paintball to fable ii not fake them
however, the opponent's grill is pretty cool
because they practically disintegrate
become color that's cool there
look at the one with almost stop a little
like maybe this a little my mom who
beautiful nothing a bomb of color rest
here anyway as you soul
eating the map will be a total delusion
of colors I really love this game is
really very cool council of
try it all the games of course
I'm going to do this series for 92
percent free so obviously
also put the inter description for
you can try it at your home dates
look look at that brothel of colors
that you are creating absurdly cool
that the c130 arrives obviously launches
pure color balls
ok ac 130 iamoci everywhere
Oh God look a little tool I launched
all the choirs record time enjoys it
going on is going very well but me
than the first one exploiting very well
more than that they become more difficult
becomes and framework because precisely the
framework can be years ago
because precisely it becomes more zoe brothel
the madonna tour waits for us not to
will offer to no end
no I died I did n't see them then I saw
they throw behind me to create a horde of
Enemies behind oh God asked what everyone is
this thing didn't know what bullshit
with water out there in this is a
great place for astera ie not campers
you can die today or maybe you do
to die
ok maybe a lot more than before i was today
one destroyed but no destroyed
I had never seen the structure is the
christ lord
ac 130 ready we do the same thing as
before
madonna madonna madonna that cool
no I have my 153 top 10 record which 153
ok so now we try to redo
another game and break the record
I do a lot now but I play it
tactics guys try to make me a
tactically I do not do so
wasting bullets using a little bit
of the brain 153 kg I will not reach them
never because I'm really hard fucking
of game we can well because so much the
behind they do not arrive can live alone
before the maximum is important not
make them approach within the firing range
ok type they are already shooting is the thing is
a little the hull infinite ammunition no no
you take the starter from me also
move center werth so they don't me
peck whoever was on the c 130 that
threw a little all around
look madonne guys that's cool
nata cool that made a blurry type
in the edges that there is of consob from
maneuver the depth of field there no no
no no no no ok ok now the thing is
becoming fearfully I can skip a
empty faq that we run no longer placed
pretty up to a step I have to overcome the
Fucking record is 115 killer
end he finds I can see the
number for dx touring frames too
when there are but don hawks
madonna when there are madonna are
ac 130 to cock no but what the fuck I have it
I made record 156 yes no fun cool
guys this was the first episode of
unknown games I hope this is it
an unknown game still on youtube
Italy I have not seen it
I hope you like it alive
even playing then I hope it was
to your liking invitation in the comments
and you know a game that you like
a fuck but now the others
indeed on youtube it has never been seen
however, few people know it
write it in the comments that I go to
obviously look if it is possible
exhaust and I will xvi would have left more
in life leaves a nice like is certain